(theme music playing)
I never thought
I'd get through D-Day,
let alone the next phase
or the next phase.
I thought I was going
to get killed instantly.
I thought one
of two things:
A quick death or...
I'd come through probably
without a scratch.
I think everybody
had fear.
I think there's people
that can handle fear.
I think, uh...
I think I was
probably one of them.
just as...
scared as anybody else,
except I could think.
It's a feeling you would
not let yourself down...
and you would not
let your comrades
or your unit down.
We all had fear...
but we all had
training to know that...
you try to handle
your fear
and work to accomplish
what you're supposed
to be doing.
♪ ♪
(thunder rumbling)
Hey, it looks like
what's-his-name.
You know,
from 1st Platoon?
Our 1st Platoon?
It sure does.
Talbert:
Blithe.
Hey, Blithe.
Blithe!
(distant gunfire)
(distant shouting)
Thought that
was you.
You alone?
You're the first
familiar faces I've seen.
I ain't surprised.
They dropped us all over
the Cotentin Peninsula.
We've been fighting
with the 502nd
since we hit the ground.
You?
Oh, I've been...
trying to find Easy.
Join the club.
(gunfire continues)
(shouting continues)
(chattering)
Hey, fellas.
Well, look who decided
to show up, Floyd.
Hi there, Luz.
We thought we'd
never find you guys.
Yo, Tab,
get a load of this.
Nice, huh?
You like that?
Yeah, it's
the real stuff, man.
Yeah, of course.
You like...
Oh, nice.
You like this?
That's a beauty, Sarge.
Whoa. Camo. That is
a nice one, Mr. Talbert.
(chattering)
My Luger's gonna put you
all to shame when I get it.
Dukeman:
How was your jump?
Ah, missed the DZ.
Yeah, that goes
without saying.
I guess so.
Got any souvenirs
to trade?
Huh?
They're all tickin'.
Unlike their
previous owners.
Got anything good?
Not yet.
Hey.
So, have--
have we lost anybody?
Tommy Burgess
took one in the face.
Popeye Wynn got
pinked in the behind.
They're gonna be okay.
That's good.
You run into Lieutenant Meehan
on your travels?
No, why?
Company HQ's
still missing.
They think the plane
went down.
They say
he's gonna turn up.
Yeah, I ain't
holding my breath.
Who's in command, then?
Winters for now.
Lieutenant Welsh
is 1st Platoon.
Man:
Easy Company on the go!
Welsh:
Let's go,
1st Platoon!
Man:
Platoon, let's move out!
Man 2:
On your feet!
Let's go, 1st Platoon!
Welsh:
Easy's moving out!
On your feet.
Man 4:
Stand up, let's go.
Here we go!
Man 2:
Today, people!
Listen up!
It'll be dark soon.
I want light and noise
discipline from here on.
No talking,
no smoking.
And no playing grab-fanny with
the man in front of you, Luz.
So, where we headed to,
Lieutenant, huh?
We're taking
Carentan.
That sounds like fun.
It's the only place
where armor from Omaha
and Utah beach
can link up
and head inland.
Until we take Carentan,
they're stuck on the sand.
General Taylor's sending
the whole division.
(mimics Taylor)
Remember, boys...
give me three days
and three nights
of hard fighting,
and you will
be relieved.
(laughter)
Lieutenant.
Lieutenant,
I'll take point.
Corporal Hoobler
will be lead scout.
Blithe, glad you
could join us.
Thank you, sir.
1st Platoon, fall in
behind Fox Company.
You people from 2nd
and 3rd Platoon, follow us.
Let's shake a leg.
(Luz mimics Taylor)
Another thing
to remember, boys:
Flies spread disease,
so keep yours closed.
(laughing, chattering)
Keep it down, Luz.
♪ ♪
(distant gunfire)
Don't wake Jerry.
Damn!
What?
We lost
"F" Company, sir.
Again?
We lost
"F" Company.
Again? Hey, Blithe,
Skinny, guess what?
God.
Perconte, go back and pass
the word to hold up.
Yes, sir.
Hoobler, take Blithe,
go find "F" Company.
Yes, sir.
Come on, Blithe.
(mutters) Shit.
Did you send
somebody?
Yeah, I got Hoobler
and Blithe out there now.
Why have
we stopped?
This is
about officers crapping out
on their training, Nix.
Come on, let's get
this show on the road.
Dang mosquitoes.
(thunder rumbling)
What is it?
Shh.
Flash.
Thunder.
I can hear y'all all the way
across the field.
You "F" Company?
That's right.
Where y'all been?
Blithe, go back
to the lieutenant.
Tell him we found
"F" Company.
I'll figure out where
these yokels are at.
Hey, who y'all
calling a yokel?
(gasps)
Winters:
He's dead, Private.
Did you find
Fox Company?
Yes, sir.
I thought he--
I thought
he had me.
Fallschirmjager.
Paratrooper?
Division thinks
there's a regiment of 'em
holding Carentan.
Well, there's one less
to worry about.
Yeah.
That's edelweiss.
That only grows in the Alps
above the tree line,
which means he climbed
up there to get it.
It's supposed to be the mark
of a true soldier.
(thunder rumbling)
(metal squeaking)
(dog barking)
I want you take the 1st
straight up the middle,
hard and fast.
We have to move quickly.
I'll be right behind you
with 2nd and 3rd.
Go!
Let's go, 1st,
let's go.
Go, go, go!
German: Fire!
(machine-gun firing)
In the ditch!
Down, down, down, down!
Incoming!
Shit!
Goddamn it!
Where the fuck
is everybody?
Where did
everybody go?
I have no idea!
Winters:
Let's go, Easy!
Get those MG's moving,
will ya!
Let's get them
out of there.
They're in the open,
for Pete's sake!
Go, go!
Get 'em going, Buck.
Follow me, Easy!
Move out!
Move out, men!
Go!
Move out,
move out!
Get yourselves
out of that ditch!
We have men getting killed
out there, Blithe!
Move! You've got
no cover here!
Go! Go!
Spotter.
Upstairs window, left.
Get yourselves
out of those trenches!
Easy, go, go, go, go!
Incoming!
That's an MG42.
Medic up!
You, stay down!
There's one in
the right upper win--
Medic!
Upper flank!
Oh, shit!
Sniper. Thattaway.
Take his
lower left.
(shouting in German)
Ah, shit!
I need some covering fire.
Ready, Luz?
Okay, I'm out.
Shit!
Guarnere, clear that
sector on the right!
With me!
Shit!
You okay,
Shifty?
We gotta take
that warehouse!
Shifty!
Hammer those windows.
Tipper, take Liebgott, start
clearing these buildings.
Right.
Two on a house!
Second two,
go, go!
Houses on
the right!
Kick 'em and clear 'em!
(man screams)
(speaks German)
Smash.
Grenade.
Luz, come on, Luz.
Come on.
Close behind.
(man speaks French)
(explosion)
(grenade pin clinks)
(whoosh, loud explosion)
Shit!
They got us zeroed!
Spread it out,
spread it out!
(shouting)
Go!
Man: Get out of the street!
Get the hell out of there.
They got us zeroed!
Get out
of there!
Go, go!
Get the hell
out of the street!
Move, now.
Let's go, go, go!
Man over here!
(explosions continue)
Man: Medic!
(shouting)
(moaning)
Come on, let's get you
out of here.
Come on, boy.
Come on.
Move, move, move!
Get off
the street!
Go, go!
Fire!
Move, now!
Talbert: Lip!
Hey, buddy.
You're okay, Lip.
Everything's right
where it should be.
Come on,
upsy-daisy.
Let's get those guns!
Man:
Get Tipper up here
with the bazooka.
Hello?
Anybody there?
(breathing hard)
(Liebgott, muffled)
Tipper!
Tip!
Answer me, Tip!
Hey.
Joe?
Looking good, Tip.
Is that you?
Looking real good.
Come here, buddy,
you gotta sit down.
Come here,
come on.
Easy, easy.
There you go,
there you go.
Ah, Jesus.
You hang in there,
buddy.
Okay? We're gonna
get you fixed up.
All right? Okay.
Guys, you wanna
give me a hand here?
Come on.
(praying)
Take the left flank!
(men shouting)
In the name of the Father
and of the Son
and the Holy Spirit.
Hey, Malark.
You see what
I'm seeing?
Is now and ever shall be,
world without end.
Amen.
Crazy fools,
the Irish.
You should know.
(shouting in German)
Smokey, the window,
let's go!
(distant gunfire)
(horse neighs)
Ho.
Morning, sir.
What's your name,
trooper?
Sergeant Farmsworth
from Able Company 501st.
I'm here and I'm supposed
to tell you
that we got it clear from
here all the way to the north
of them Krauts, sir.
Well, tell your CO
506 arrived in force
and secured all positions
south of you.
Yes, sir, I'll tell him.
Come on, bad boy, let's go!
Lieutenant Winters.
Yes, sir?
Is it safe
to cross now?
What's that, sir?
Is it safe
to cross?
We wanna move
the wounded.
Ah, yes, sir.
Okay.
(gunfire continues)
Come on, let's get 'em
out of here.
(bullet ricochets)
(grunts)
Roe:
There she is.
(Winters groans)
Man:
Plasma drip.
You're lucky
it was a ricochet.
You just caught
a piece of it.
(mutters) Stupid.
What?
Nothing.
Man: Walking wounded
to the rear.
Now, you gonna be
able to stay off it?
Doesn't look
that way.
Well, you gotta try, huh?
What have
we got planned, chief?
Well, we expect
a counterattack.
Carentan's as important
to them as it is to us.
Any idea when?
We're not waiting
around to find out.
Battalion wants us to
head east toward high ground,
set up
a defensive position.
With all
the flooded fields,
it's the only direction
they could approach from.
Yeah.
You gonna
be all right?
Yup. Yeah.
Good.
What's wrong
with Blithe?
Well, nothing...
except he can't see.
He can't see?
So he says.
Blithe?
It's Lieutenant Winters.
What happened?
I don't know, sir.
Things--
they just kinda
went black on me.
You can't see?
Not a thing, sir.
I can't see
a thing.
Well, you just
take it easy, Blithe.
We're gonna get you
out of here.
Get you back
to England.
It's gonna
be okay.
Sir.
I didn't wanna
let anyone down.
Just take it easy.
It's okay, son.
Sir.
Yeah, what is it?
Thank you, sir.
I'm okay.
Yeah, I'm okay.
I think I'm okay.
You can see?
God, I don't know
what happened.
I think--
I think I'm okay.
All right.
Well, stay here
a little while longer...
and make sure.
And, then you can
report back to your platoon.
Yes, sir.
Now, can we get
that bandage on?
Yeah.
More:
Berlin by Christmas.
That's how I see it.
Yeah, you're
full of it.
Oh, god.
This Kraut cheese
tastes like...
It stinks.
Bread's stale, too.
Give me that.
More:
Yes, sir, the way we came
in town today and took over,
you know, it don't
seem like Jerry's
got too much fight
left in him.
Hey, More, don't get
hit in the face
when Jerry throws in
the sponge, all right?
You mark my words, Mal,
Berlin by Christmas.
Enjoy it while it lasts.
We'll be moving out, soon.
Out of town,
Lieutenant? Already?
That's right.
Don't they know we're just
getting settled here?
Nice, Groucho.
What?
Real smart.
You know, you're taking
your life in your own hands.
Ain't that right?
I told you, I didn't
actually see it.
What, Speirs shooting
the prisoners
or the sergeant
in his own platoon?
Sergeant?
What? I didn't
hear that one.
Wait. He shot
one of his own guys?
Well, supposedly
the guy was drunk
and refused
to go on a patrol.
Who knows
if it's true?
Well, I know a guy
who said an eyewitness
told him that Speirs
posed those prisoners.
Why? What for?
On D-Day...
Speirs comes across
this group of Kraut prisoners
digging a hole
or some such
under guard
and all.
He breaks out
a pack of smokes,
passes them out.
He even gives
'em a light.
Then, all of a sudden,
he swings up
his Thompson...
and... (mimics machine-gun)
he hoses 'em.
I mean, goddamn,
gives 'em smokes first?
Mmm, you see,
that's why I don't
believe he really did it.
Oh, you don't
believe it?
Whoa, whoa.
I heard he didn't do it.
More:
Oh, no, no,
it was him all right.
But it was more
than eight guys.
It was more
like 20.
Hell of a shot.
All except one guy...
who he left alone.
Well, all I know,
from what I heard,
he took that last 105 on D-Day
practically by himself.
Running through
MG fire like a maniac.
Yeah, that
I did see.
On his own?
Yeah.
I don't care if any
of the other stuff's true.
Hey, Albert.
Hmm?
What do you think?
I don't know.
I'm gonna have to take
everybody's word for it.
I didn't see
any of it.
Let's go, 1st Platoon,
weapons on me.
We're moving out.
Hey, take all
your smokes.
Man:
On your feet,
tactical column.
Flankers up.
Muck: You want
to call for it?
Flankers up!
Penkala: Nope.
That means you,
Private Blithe.
Come on, Blithe,
get up.
(chattering)
You want the bread, Mickey?
♪ ♪
(shouting)
(thunder rumbling)
Hey, Luz?
What?
How far we going?
Oh, Jesus Christ,
Frank, I don't know.
Until they
tell us to stop.
High ground.
There's high
ground up ahead.
Okay, genius,
answer me this then:
Why is Easy Company
the only company who's either
at the front of an advance
or, like now,
exposed at the far
edge of the line?
To keep you
on your toes.
Perconte:
No, that's not
what I'm saying.
I'm saying that we're
never in the middle.
And we're the fifth of nine
companies of this regiment.
"Able" through "Item."
Think of it.
See there,
you see that?
(gunfire)
Incoming!
Contact right!
Get in
the hedgerow!
See what I mean?
Left, bring it
around!
Stay low!
Luz, get down here
with the radio now!
(men shouting)
(hyperventilating)
(singing in German)
(thundering)
Ah!
What have they got
to sing about?
Flash!
Thunder.
Catchy tune...
ain't it?
Hey, Lieutenant,
what's the news?
Oh, same as it was
this afternoon.
They're in their hedgerow,
we're in ours.
Spell me
a minute, sir?
Are you gonna let Blithe
get some sack time?
My back teeth
are floating.
Get back here
ASAP, Martin.
You can count on me, sir.
Oh.
How you doing,
Blithe?
I'm okay, sir.
What happened
at the aid station today?
Doc Roe, he...
called it
hysterical blindness.
No, thank you, sir.
You know what
they said in basic:
Dehydration's
a soldier's worst enemy.
Yeah.
It's a game,
Blithe.
That's all.
Hell, we're just
moving the ball forward
one yard at a time.
Nothing but a game.
What is, sir?
This.
The whole thing.
No.
Thank you, sir.
Just a game.
Winters: Harry?
S2 said the Germans only left
a company to defend Carentan.
Oh.
The rest pulled out
sometime last night.
I knew that town
was too easy.
Yeah.
They regrouped
south of town.
May have been on their way
to a counterattack
when we ran
into 'em here.
Strength unknown.
(gunshots)
They want
the town back.
And we're
in their way.
If they don't
come before then,
we're attacking
at first light, 0530.
I'll tell the men
to fix bayonets.
Not much of a limp.
I'll survive.
How is it?
Hurts.
War is hell.
(snoring)
(whispering)
Smith, wake up.
Come on, Smith.
Get up, it's your watch.
Smith. It's your watch.
(moans)
Easy, Smith,
it's me, Talbert.
Smith, what the hell
are you doing?
That's Talbert.
I didn't--
Goddamn.
Oh, gosh.
Medic!
I'm sorry,
I didn't mean to.
He looked
like a Kraut.
I didn't know
it was him.
Can you breathe?
Yeah, I can breathe.
Look at me,
look at me.
Can you breathe?
Yeah, I can breathe!
I'm just gonna put some
sulfur on the wound, Floyd.
You're gonna be fine.
What the hell
is that?
Sounds like it's coming
from 3rd Platoon.
You wanna get
some sleep?
I don't think--
I don't think I can.
Then go take a look.
Sarge.
(groaning)
(clicks)
Flash.
Thunder, thunder!
Lieutenant Speirs, sir.
Where are you going,
Private?
Check out
the noise, sir.
I just came from there.
Everything's under control.
Yes, sir.
Got some nervous privates
in your company.
We do, sir.
Yeah, we do,
I can vouch for that.
They just don't see
how simple it is.
How simple
what is, sir?
Just do what
you have to do.
Like you did
on D-Day, sir?
Lieutenant.
Sir, when I landed
on D-Day,
I found myself in a ditch
all by myself.
I fell asleep.
I think it was those
air-sickness pills
they gave us.
When I woke up, I didn't
really try to find my unit...
to fight.
I just...
I just kinda
stayed put.
What's your name,
trooper?
Blithe, sir.
Albert Blithe.
You know why you hid
in that ditch, Blithe?
I was scared.
We're all scared.
You hid in that ditch because
you think there's still hope.
But, Blithe, the only hope
you have is to accept the fact
that you're
already dead.
And the sooner
you accept that,
the sooner you'll
be able to function
as a soldier's
supposed to function.
Without mercy,
without compassion,
without remorse.
All war depends
upon it.
Man:
Stow your canteens.
Check the corks.
Petty:
Hey, guys,
you got any smokes?
You want some of
this candy shit? No?
No, I'm all right.
The outpost
got ammo.
Hey, Boyle.
Here you go, guys.
No, we don't know
what they've got.
We may be attacking
a weaker force,
possibly more
paratroopers.
And you know
how they can be.
(chuckles)
Fire and maneuver.
That's the name of the game,
fire and maneuver.
Dog and Fox Companies
will be on our left flank,
moving with us.
Any questions?
Let's make
'em holler.
It's 9:30 in
the evening back home.
(mortar whooshes)
Must be.
Mortar!
Incoming!
Everybody get
in the hole!
Down, down, down,
down, down!
Get that OP in!
Tell 'em to hold,
I'm checking the lines.
All Easy stations,
Easy Six.
Hold in position, over.
Go, lock and load!
Easy Six,
Easy Red Six.
I've got mortars
all across my line.
No sign
of infantry yet.
I'm pulling
the OP in, over.
Right stake plus 15,
charge three.
Range, 600.
Lock and load! Fire!
Up! Echo! Fire!
(gunfire)
Come on, move it,
move it, hurry!
Watch for silhouettes
on the horizon!
Find your target!
Muzzle fire!
Nail it!
Mortar! Keep low!
Keep low,
go, go, go!
Perconte!
Get your men
in order!
Stay low!
Pour it at 'em,
Perconte.
To your left.
Keep going,
keep going.
Keep it up!
I want fire
superiority!
Guarnere, keep 'em
pinned down.
Keep firing!
Sergeants, reverse!
Cover the crest
of that hill!
(screaming) No! No!
No!
(screams)
(shouts in German)
Where in the hell
did they come from?
Holy shit, there goes
our left flank.
Sir, Dog and Fox
are pulling back.
What?
Who gave that order,
goddamn it?
Keep firing,
stay low!
Stay low, keep firing,
Perconte.
Winters:
Come on, Blithe!
Stand up!
Get up on your feet,
soldier.
Get up, Blithe.
That's right,
Blithe.
You can do it!
Fire your weapon,
Blithe.
Hit those goddamn Germans,
Blithe!
Rip it a new one, Blithe!
Keep firing!
Let 'em have it.
Don't slack it off.
Let 'em have it,
Blithe!
Pour it on 'em,
Fire!
Clear away!
Randleman:
Get some up there!
(shouting)
Move it!
Let's go, McGrath,
on me.
Shift your
fire right.
Down, down!
Get the gunner!
Come on!
You're gonna get
me killed, Lieutenant.
I knew you'd
get me killed.
Don't fire till
I tell you, McGrath.
I knew you were
gonna get me killed.
Hold your fire!
No, that's too close!
Bitch, son of a bitch!
McGrath:
Too close.
Medic!
Don't move!
Now, fire, McGrath! Fire!
Oh, good, good!
Covering fire!
Keep firing south.
You hit
a home run, huh?
Smith,
I've been hit.
Just get the ammo,
get me out of here!
I got you. All right!
Medic!
You okay?
I'm good.
Move it, move it!
Rounds complete!
Skip, more ammo!
Go, go!
On my way.
(screaming)
Medic!
Jesus,
what was that?
Shermans.
(laughs)
Well, hello,
2nd Armored.
(laughing)
That's right,
you sorry asses.
Run!
Oh, you beautiful
babies, you!
Let's go!
Pour it on 'em!
Let 'em have it,
come on!
Check it out--
Shermans.
About damn time.
Come on! (shouts)
(shouts in German)
Come on.
(men cheering)
Man:
We kicked your ass!
Hey, buddy?
Hey, buddy,
you okay?
Looks like you fellas
had a heck of a fight.
(distant shouting)
Man:
It ain't over yet!
Man 2:
Move forward
on the right flank.
♪ ♪♪
Nixon:
We need to know
what's in there.
Welsh:
I don't know who
the hell to send.
Ask for volunteers.
I hate asking
for volunteers.
Then pick them.
Need to take a look
at that farmhouse.
Who wants to go?
I'll go.
Anybody else?
Martin, Dukeman,
you just volunteered.
Hubba-hubba.
I'll be lead.
Blithe's lead scout,
move out.
Harry...
what exactly are you doing
with your reserve chute?
You been hauling that thing
around ever since we jumped?
Gonna send it to Kitty
when we get back to England.
Silk.
Figure it'll make a good
wedding dress, you know?
What with
rationing and all.
(chuckles)
Jeez, Harry, I never
would have guessed.
What?
That I'm so sentimental?
No, that you think we're gonna
make it back to England.
♪ ♪
Okay.
(gunshot)
Here we go again.
Covering fire,
covering fire!
Go, go!
(gunfire)
Hang in there, Blithe.
Come on.
Keep moving down!
Medic up!
Top window right!
Hang in there.
Medic!
We need a medic
down here!
Cease fire,
cease fire!
Take it easy, Blithe.
Take it easy.
Come on, Duke,
come on.
Move, move.
Coming through,
give me room.
Outta my way.
I got it.
What happened?
Sniper.
All right, Blithe,
I got you.
Nice and easy,
nice and easy.
They're pulling us
off the front line.
Now?
To a field camp
north of Utah beach.
Hot food...
and showers.
Roe: All right, man.
Then back to England.
(chattering)
♪ ♪
Harry.
How's the leg?
Stiff.
Sore.
They want me to take
it easy for a few days.
Yeah, you should.
Talked to Colonel Sink.
Said he appreciated
Easy holding the line.
Hmm.
Said General Taylor
was pleased.
Well, that's why
I came to France.
To please
General Taylor.
(chuckles) Yeah.
Man:
In grateful acknowledgment
of the blood shed
in the service
of your country,
it is my honor
to present you
with the Order
of the Purple Heart.
Yeah!
(applause)
Thank you, sir.
How many
does that make?
Two? Three?
You have no shame.
Hey, I got one hole
in my shoulder,
a second
in my calf.
Then there's the boil on
my shin that had to be lanced.
And he only
gets one.
♪ ♪
(thunder rumbling)
Alton: Yeah!
Malarkey: Whoo-hoo!
(Malarkey laughs)
This is great.
Whoo-hoo!
(laughing)
(shouts)
She fancied me, Alton.
In your dreams, buddy.
(truck honks)
Jesus Christ!
Whoo-hoo!
It's good to be alive!
Hoo!
Jesus Christ,
that sure was close.
Nah, missed him
by a mile.
Hoobler: Hey, Bull.
Hey, Bull, come over here.
Hey, come on.
I got a seat.
Hey. Hey, Hoobler.
Hoobler: What?
Be quiet
for the man.
Man: Shh, shh!
What?
Gordon: "The night
of the Bayonet."
"The night was filled
with dark and cold,
When Sergeant Talbert"--
I don't like this.
"The story's told,
pulled on his poncho
"And headed out,
To check the lines
dressed like a Kraut."
(laughter)
Man: Yeah!
Why is everyone in such
a hurry to get back, huh?
Hospital food
don't suit you?
We don't need
you anymore, Tab.
Gordon: "Upon a trooper
our hero came,"
(whispering)
"Fast asleep,
he called his name.
"'Oh, Smith. Oh, Smith.
"'Get up, it's time,
To take your turn
out on the line.'"
Do you guys have any idea
what he's talking about?
"The Night
of the Bayonet."
Whatever that is.
Gordon:
"...So very weary,"
Harry, Buck, get Lipton.
Hey, Lip.
"Grabbed his rifle,
he did not tarry."
What's going on?
"Hearing Floyd
but seeing Jerry."
(laughter)
Oh my God!
Man:
Way to go, Smithy.
Gordon:
"'It's me,' cried Tab,
"'Don't do it,'
and yet Smith charged,
"Tout suite,
with bayonet
"He lunged, he thrust,
both high and low,"
Oh, come on!
"And skewered
the boy from Kokomo."
I'm heading
back to barracks.
You Heffron?
Yeah.
Where you from?
Who's asking?
You from Philadelphia?
Heffron:
South Philly, yeah.
Ah.
I could tell.
17th Street.
Front Street.
Hey.
Come here,
sit down.
Hey, you know a guy named
Johnny Waylon?
Yeah, I know Johnny.
Call him "Tar Head"?
Yeah, Tar Head, yeah.
Since you weren't
wounded by the enemy,
and thus didn't qualify
for a Purple Heart,
we've taken matters
into our own hands.
Tab, this is for you.
(applause, cheers)
Yeah!
That's right!
That's right.
I could have shot
the kid a dozen times.
Yeah, right.
I just didn't think
we could spare a man.
Couple of
announcements, men.
First, listen up.
First, the training exercise
scheduled for 2200
has been canceled.
(cheering)
Oh, yeah.
Secondly...
Shh!
all passes are
hereby revoked.
Man: Oh shit.
We're heading
back to France.
So, pack up
all your gear.
We will not be returning
to England, boys.
Anyone who has not
made out a will,
go to the supply office.
The trucks depart
for Membury at 0700.
As you were.
(chattering)
Man:
You guys have
a nice evening.
(bell rings)
Hello?
Oh.
Good morning,
Mrs. Lamb.
Um, sorry to
bother you so early.
That's all right, Private...
Malarkey.
Come in.
Actually, it's
Sergeant Malarkey now, ma'am.
I just got promoted.
Oh, lovely.
I expect you'll be
wanting your laundry.
I heard the trucks
rumbling by all night.
I guess the Yanks must be
on their way off again.
Yes, ma'am.
Looks like for good this time.
I'm sorry
to hear that.
Er, two shirts,
two pairs of trousers,
light starch.
Two bob
and tuppence, please.
I can't...
Thank you.
Would you, er,
like a cup of tea?
I've got
the water boiling.
No, no, thank you.
I'm in a hell of a--
bit of a hurry but,
uh, thank you anyway.
Oh, um, Private?
Yes, ma'am.
Lieutenant Meehan's
one of yours, isn't he?
I hope he hasn't
forgotten his laundry.
I'll take it.
Thank you.
♪ ♪
You, um--
you couldn't be a dear
and help me with
a few others, could you?
Er, let's see.
Sergeant Evans.
Private Moya.
Blowzer.
Gray.
Miller.
Owen.
Collins.
Elliot.
Blithe.
(theme music playing)